## Callbacks

- Callback Function is a function that gets passed as a parameter to another function and gets executed after an event occurs.
- Callback is the materialization of the handlers of the reactor pattern in nodejs.
- Callbacks are functions that are invoked to propagate the result of an operation.
- The event could be a time delay(setTimeOut), db query response, http request response, etc which does not return the response    immediately but there is a delay involved.
- It is not always associated with asynchronous operations.
- It only indicates that the result is propogated by passing it to another function, the Callback, instead of directly returning.
- The way of propagating the result is called Continuation Passing style(CPS).

#### Asynchronous Continuation Passing style

```
function addSync(a,b){
  return a+b;}
addSync(10,5);
```

Now making this asynchronous by inducing a delay to send response:
```
function addAsync(a,b,callback){
    setTimeOut(() => callback(a+b),100);
}

addAsync(1,2, result => console.log('Result:'+result))

```
#### Non-Continuation Passing style Callbacks

There are some circumstances where a callback argument is used for a synchronous  operation.

```
const result =[10,2,4,3].map(element => element -1);
console.log(result);
```

#### NodeJS Callback Conventions

1. If a function accepts a callback in input, this has to be passed as the last argument. This is to make the call more Readable and clear.
2. In Nodejs, error is always passed as the first argument of the callback. It is best practice to check and handle errors of type Error always .
3. In asynchronous CPS, proper error propagation is done by passing the error to the next callback in the chain.
