SCENARIO 1:
Function A returns a Promise, then function B needs the value returned by function A and function C needs the resolved value of both function A’s and function B’s Promise.
```
async function executeAsyncTask () {
 const valueA = await fnA()
 const valueB = await fnB(valueA)
 return fnC(valueA, valueB)
}
```
You can think of all the ways you could have done this with promises if anything was as simple!

SCENARIO 2:
Function A, Function B and Function C return Promises, then the function D needs the value returned by function A, function B and function C for further computations.

There is no dependency between A,B and C and they should run in parallel to avoid any unnecessary wait time.
```
async function execParallelAsyncTasks () {
const [ valueA, valueB, valueC ] = await Promise.all([ fnA(), fnB(), fnC() ])
 fnD(valueA,valueB,valueC)
 }
 ```
When you want to run async operations in parallel, you should always wrap them into Promise.all() to avoid any intermediate wait time. This combines the power of async-await with promises.

SCENARIO 3:
Class A has a function B which is asynchronous and returns a promise.
```
class A{
 async fnB() {
 return await Promise.resolve('Returned');
 }
}

new A()
 .fnB()
 .then(alert); // 'Returned'
 ```
Await can be used in any asynchronous function call within a function which is defined using async. Await cannot be used at top-level without an async function.

SCENARIO 4:
In order to handle Errors which occur in a chain of promises returned, it is as simple as synchronous code, using the try-catch block.
```
const makeACall = async () => {
 try {
 const data = JSON.parse(await getJSON())
 const another = await getData(data)
 console.log(data, another)
 } catch (err) {
 console.log(err)
 }
}
```
Another way to handle this could be on the async function call using a .catch() as below

```
makeACall().catch(alert);
```
If we forget to add .catch here also, then we get an unhandled promise error in the console. We can catch such errors using a global event handler as described in the Promises chaining.

SCENARIO 5:
If you need to work with an array of items asynchronously or perform a set of asynchronous operations, for e.g. reading a set of files and logging the data.

5a) If you need to perform the asynchronous operations in sequence using async/await:
```
async function printFiles () {
 const files = await getFilePaths();

for (let file of files) {
 const contents = await fs.readFile(file, 'utf8');
 console.log(contents);
 }
}
```

5b) If you need to perform the set of asynchronous operations like reading the files, in parallel:
```
async function printFiles () {
 const files = await getFilePaths();

await Promise.all(files.map(async (file) => {
 const contents = await fs.readFile(file, 'utf8')
 console.log(contents)
 }));
}
```
You should be careful in making use of async-await inside a loop and appropriately put the usage based on the requirement of parallel or sequential execution.
